# Book Dash [Provisional] Working Group Meeting 2023-09-05

## Attendees 
* Arielle Bennett
* Emma Karoune 
* (Apologies) Esther Plomp
* (Apologies) Anne Lee Steele
* (Apologies) Alex Araujo Alvarez

## Agenda 
* Working Group vs Planning Committee - governance and set up 
* Applications for Nov 2023 Planning Committee
* Activities for next Book Dash - discussion
* Book Dash Hubs Set Up and Guidance

## Decisions & Actions
* Set up Working Group & separate Planning Committee in Nov following subsequent Book Dash - recommendation to core delivery team
* Invite current and previous Planning Committee members to apply to WG in Nov - recommendation to core delivery team 
* Accept all applications submitted to be part of this Planning Committee - recommendation to core delivery team
* (Arielle) Upload notes to GitHub repo
* (Arielle) communicate recommendations to core delivery team 

## Notes
* Book Dash working group vs planning committee team
    * Assuming that we would still have RPM and RCM on planning committee, do need insight into operations and what is possible 
    * (Recommendation) Planning committee - invite previous attendees to apply for next round as part of the follow up to next time 
    * Working group - how are people selected/or how to do they apply? 
        * Recommendations for basic criteria
            * Have attended a Book Dash 
            * Have previously been on the planning committee at least once 
        * Term length for working group: Two years? Would balance effort on elections/selections, with keeping the WG fresh 
        * Could revisit options around renewing terms later 
        * How to engage new people in between rounds? Planning committee/hubs? 
        * How to manage people who **only** engage as part of the Book Dash? (Q for others as well)
* Review applications to become part of the planning committee. Arielle has the access
    * EK & AB would recommend accepting all to join the planning committee for this round - with the expectation that after the Book Dash some will join the Working Group
    * Logic of this is due to timings an d lack of governanced docs difficult to stand up the WG right now 
* Start brainstorming any activities that we would like to offer / to start quoting for the Book Dash this round
    * Discussion around Scriberia images are sometimes duplicated and we struggle to get them into the turing Way itself - should we include them this time or skip and focus on imagathon?
    * EK: maybe we alternate Book Dashes for Scriberia and go back to a longer time period for the May round
    * Also recommend we have "imagathons" during the Book Dash this time to help get images into the guides - good for newer team members 
    * JonnyWritesWords - recommend two sessions due to timezone differences
    * Social session ideas: learning british sign language, data visualisation, design and accessibility (could we find professional instructors for these?) 
    * Session in Spanish or different language rooms - possibly with live translation to English?
      *  Need to speak to localisation team about recommendations for translators and whether Spanish is a good language to start with 
* Identify or start the conversation about the max number of participants per hub and nr of hubs / rules to open up a hub
    * Esther not able to join this meeting , would appreciate her input 
    * Draft Recommendations 
        * Hub operate on 1-2 days max (have those days coordinated across the Book Dash, to balance online and in-person collaborations): we should recommend hub days (for example, strong preference for Wednesday and Thursday, and not possible on the Monday/Friday) 
        * In person limits - max 15, recommend 10 to help with coordination, and stress levels!
        * Haven't yet needed to cover room hire costs but could make provisions for that in the future 
        * Rules to open up a hub 
            * Have previously attended a Book Dash 
            * Have organised an in person event at their institute before (of any kind) 
            * Adhere to Turing Way CoC 
            * Provide a summary of in person contributions (light touch, in shared doc)
        * Did also discuss if we should reduce the amount available for food and drink for folks to claim individually, and increase the amount for people hosting hubs 
